{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs24 \cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Perhaps the slide switch on the side was changed and this resulted in the issue?\'a0 The configuration is: to adjust the slide switch so that the router functions as an AP, change the network name to \'93NGIMU Router\'94, and change the password to \'93xiotechnologies\'94.\'a0 I think the 2.4 GHz network may also be disabled so that only the 5 GHz is active.\'a0 I have attached the configuration file to this email.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 There is nothing too special to consider with a Wi-Fi configuration other than:\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl280\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Always use 5 GHz unless there is a good reason not to, e.g. you are willing to sacrifice all other improvements for slightly improved range.\'a0 However, in stage performance applications you will almost certainly want to stick to 5 GHz regardless as the risk of 2.4 GHz being interfered with by an audience of smart phones is just not worth it.\
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Do not use 5 GHz DFS channels.\
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Disabling security and instead using a \'91hidden\'92 network (i.e. disable broadcast of SSID) may provide performance improvements.\'a0 I am yet to investigate if this only applies to older hardware (x-OSC) and if newer hardware (NGIMU+) is not impacted.\
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 You mentioned a tri-band router.\'a0 Such routers will feature one 2.4 GHz channel and two 5 GHz channels.\'a0 I suggest you use the first 5 GHz channel for the NGIMUs and the second 5 GHz channel for your laptop.\'a0 This divide the total required bandwidth between the two channels.}